README.md, before:

This project is conceived to calibrate positions measured by blade-type X-ray Beam Position Monitors (XBPMs). These monitors provide countings or measurement of electric currents generated by photoelectric effect of the X-rays on the blades of the XBPMs. The positions of the X-ray is then calculated from the blades' positions and the respective current measured intensities.

The results of these calculations are usually biased, given different gains from the blades due to electronic or mechanical assymmetries. To calibrate them, the electron beam is displaced by bumping it, forming a grid-like set of positions, and the resulting positions of both beams (electrons' and X-rays') are measured.

Given the grid of positions of the beam (in this case, generated by bumping the electron beam), the following tasks are performed:

 - calculate the positions of the X-ray beam from BPMs as a reference;

 - show a coloured map of the measurement from XBPMs blades, to correct their relative positions (it certifies the measured values really correspond to the position of each blade in the device);

 - analyses the behaviour of the blades' measurements in horizontal and vertical central lines from the grid to calculate each blade's gains by fitting a straight line to those sweepings, then construct a suppression matrix from the so obtained gains;

 - corrects the positions of the X-ray beam by applying the suppression matrix, and then scale them by a linear fitting.


This project was developed by the Insertion Devices and Photon Diagnostics Group (IDS) at the Brazilian Synchrotron Light Laboratory (LNLS/CNPEM).

*** The project is under GNU Public License 3 (GPL3). ***

Commit message:

Added explanation about this specific branch in README.md.

README.md, after:

This project is conceived to calibrate positions measured by blade-type X-ray Beam Position Monitors (XBPMs). These monitors provide countings or measurement of electric currents generated by photoelectric effect of the X-rays on the blades of the XBPMs. The positions of the X-ray is then calculated from the blades' positions and the respective current measured intensities.

The results of these calculations are usually biased, given different gains from the blades due to electronic or mechanical assymmetries. To calibrate them, the electron beam is displaced by bumping it, forming a grid-like set of positions, and the resulting positions of both beams (electrons' and X-rays') are measured.

Given the grid of positions of the beam (in this case, generated by bumping the electron beam), the following tasks are performed:

 - calculate the positions of the X-ray beam from BPMs as a reference;

 - show a coloured map of the measurement from XBPMs blades, to correct their relative positions (it certifies the measured values really correspond to the position of each blade in the device);

 - analyses the behaviour of the blades' measurements in horizontal and vertical central lines from the grid to calculate each blade's gains by fitting a straight line to those sweepings, then construct a suppression matrix from the so obtained gains;

 - corrects the positions of the X-ray beam by applying the suppression matrix, and then scale them by a linear fitting.


Obs.: The branch cli_stable_1.0 is the stable version fully set to command line options, created before the migration to a graphical user interface (GUI) that runs in a window interface.

This project was developed by the Insertion Devices and Photon Diagnostics Group (IDS) at the Brazilian Synchrotron Light Laboratory (LNLS/CNPEM).

*** The project is under GNU Public License 3 (GPL3). ***
